commitments and risk management. AES is a sophisticated suite, of algorithmic trading strategies, tools and analytics that facilitates global trading across equities, options, futures and foreign, exchange. By employing algorithms to execute client orders and, limit volatility, AES helps institutions and hedge funds reduce, market impact.

Prime offers hedge funds and institutional clients execution,, financing, custody, clearing and risk advisory services across various asset classes through synthetic financing and listed over the, counter (‘OTC’) derivatives.

Securitised Products. GCP is a client focused franchise that, offers expert coverage in credit trading, sales and financing. CSi, offers private and public debt offerings across the credit spectrum, including leveraged loans, high yield and investment graded, cash as well as systematic trading. GCP is a leading market, maker in the credit derivatives market including credit default, swap (‘CDS’) index suite, liquid single-name credit default swaps,, sovereign CDS and credit default swaptions. CSi offers a comprehensive range of financing options for credit products including, committed financing (bridge and mezzanine finance), repurchase, agreements, short covering, total return swaps and portfolio, lending. The Collateralised Loan Obligations (‘CLO’) origination, business structures, prices and distributes new CLO issues. GCP, customers include financial sponsors and corporate issuers as, well as hedge funds, banks, insurance and pension companies,, asset managers and CLO managers.

Securitised products provide asset and portfolio advisory services, structures and executes new issue securitisations and, provides full scope financing solutions (warehouse, bridge and, acquisition) to global clients. CSi has experience in a broad range, of asset categories including consumer, commercial, residential,, commercial real estate, transportation and alternatives. CSi's, trading platform also provides liquidity through secondary trading, to clients across the broad range of asset categories.

GTS is a cross-asset integrated platform formed in 2020 driving, collaboration across the IB, APAC, IWM and SUB divisions. GTS, brings together Equity Derivatives and Fixed Income and Wealth

Management Sales and Execution businesses from across ITS, and APAC Markets. It merges the regional and global models, to ensure a robust, cohesive product and sales engine to drive, growth and efficiencies.

Debt capital markets originates, syndicates and underwrites, corporate and sovereign debt, including investments grade and, leveraged loans, investment grade and high yield bonds and unit, transactions. It also provides committed acquisition financing,, including leveraged loan, bridge finance and mezzanine finance, and collateralised loan obligation formation.

Equity capital markets originates, syndicates and underwrites, equity in initial public offerings (‘IPOs’), common and convertible, stock issues, acquisition financing and other equity issues.

CSi advisory advises clients on all aspects of M&A, corporate, sales, restructurings, divestitures, spin-offs and takeover defence, strategies.

Effective 1 August 2020, the globally-integrated, client-centric, platform consolidates sales and trading, underwriting and advisory capabilities enabling IB to achieve critical scale, maximise, global connectivity and reduce earnings volatility.

The structural changes make |B well positioned to grow revenues, and deliver sustainable returns while maintaining capital discipline.

Focus remains on maintaining leading market shares as well as, investing in growth areas. The strategy includes increasing M&A, footprint in the high growth technology and healthcare sectors,, developing tailored products and solutions across ESG and private markets and investing in electronic technology.

Corporate Centre includes the Asset Resolution Unit (‘ARU’). The

ARU’s core mandate is proactive risk management of a legacy, non-strategic portfolio. Certain activities not linked to the underlying portfolio such as legacy litigation provisions are also recorded, in corporate centre.

The United Kingdom left the EU on 31 January 2020, with completion of the Transition Period on 31 December 2020, resulting, in CSi, a UK based bank, losing access to certain EU clients and, markets.

CS group prepared for a ‘Hard Exit’, assuming financial services, could not rely on a broad equivalence determination by the EU.

Ahead of 31 December 2020 deadline, CS group successfully, executed a group-wide plan, utilising existing legal entities to build, out trading capabilities and market access across a multi-entity, structure enabling continued access to the European Economic

Area (‘EEA’) clients and markets. In particular, CSi migrated businesses to the following CS entities:

® broker/dealer in Spain, CSSSV, for trading activities (Markets, in Financial Instruments Directive (‘MIFID’) products and services), with branches in Amsterdam, Stockholm, Paris and

® banking entity in Germany, Credit Suisse (Deutschland) AG

(‘CSD’), for lending products/services; and

#® CSi currently has branches in Amsterdam, Stockholm, Madrid, and Milan. The businesses in the Amsterdam, Stockholm and

