CSi's strategy is to provide a comprehensive range of investment banking services and to build on its strengths as a global, hub for CS group’s derivative products and as a registered swap, dealer for Dodd-Frank clients, to support securities and non-securities sales, trading, risk management and settlement services, for Investment Banking clients. The strategy encompasses the, provision of solutions for other divisions, and businesses, including wealth management clients; and the provision of Merger and

Acquisitions (‘M&A’) and underwriting and arrangement services,, and bilateral or syndicated loans, for corporate clients.

CSi believes that it is well-positioned for the post COVID-19, market environment, and will benefit from the expected recovery, in M&A and asset finance and increased capital markets activity, driven by leveraged finance. CSi intends to continue to strengthen, the connectivity to the CS group Wealth Management-related, businesses, particularly through GTS, delivering institutional-style, solutions to Wealth Management clients and the newly established mid-market advisory team in IWM.

CSi is focused on disciplined investment in people, capital and, technology in the market leading businesses across equities, fixed, income and capital markets and advisory.

Following the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union (‘EU’),, subject to certain exceptions, CSi completed the transfer of

EU. Management aims to transfer all core businesses out of

Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited (CSS(E)L) to CSi, during 2021, which will simplify the UK business model, improve, resolvability and optimise financial resources resulting in a consolidation of activities across the core UK Investment Banking legal, entities into CSi.

CSi is part of CS group’s commitment to integrating sustainability, across businesses and operations and the creation of SRI. The, aim is to provide a single “House View” with a focus on supertrends and sustainability. CS group is also committed to driving, their own transition, including the commitment to achieve net zero, emissions from operations, supply chain and financing activities no later than 2050. The ambition is to provide sustainable, investment solutions at the core of the offering to wealth management clients. CS group is extending the breadth and depth of, the offering by integrating Environmental, Social and Governance

CSi aims to provide its corporate, institutional and IWM clients, with a broad range of financial solutions. To meet clients’ evolving needs, CSi serves its clients through an integrated franchise, and international presence. CSi is a global market leader in

over-the-counter (‘OTC’) derivative products and offers its clients, a range of interest rate, currency, equity and credit-related products. CSi’s business focuses on transactions that address the, broad financing, risk management and investment requirements, of its worldwide client base. CSi enters into derivative contracts in, the normal course of business for market-making, as well as for, risk management needs, including mitigation of interest rate, foreign currency and credit risk.

For corporate clients, CSi provides a wide spectrum of banking, products such as traditional and structured lending and investment solutions. In addition, CSi applies its investment banking, capabilities to provide customised services in the areas of M&A,, equity and debt syndications and structured finance.

CSi also provides institutional-style solutions to wealth management clients as part of GTS and SRI. It delivers industry-leading, sustainable insights and solutions across wealth management and, corporate and institutional clients.

Following the structural changes at the CSG level, CSi conducts, business in one principal division, the Investment Bank, primarily made up of a combination of the pre-existing GM and IBCM, businesses.

The structural changes announced by CSG are intended to, improve effectiveness, drive efficiencies and capture future, growth opportunities. These strategic actions make CSG and CSi, well positioned to grow revenues and deliver sustainable returns, whilst maintaining cost and capital discipline. It will also enable, investment in growth areas.

CSi IB provides a broad range of financial products and services focused on client driven businesses. Products and services, include global securities sales, trading and execution, capital raising and advisory. The business model enables CSi to deliver high, value, customised solutions that leverage the expertise offered, across CS group helping clients unlock capital and value in order, to achieve their strategic goals.

Prime, Credit, GTS and Capital Markets and Advisory.

Cash Equities provides a comprehensive suite of offerings, including: (i) sales trading, responsible for managing the order flow, between clients and the marketplace and providing clients with, trading ideas and capital commitments, identifying trends and, delivering the most effective trade execution, (ii) high touch and, program trading, exchange traded funds (‘ETFs’) and advanced, execution services (‘AES’) platform, which executes client orders, and makes markets in listed and OTC cash securities, ETFs and, programs, providing liquidity to the market through both capital

